<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"[]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Copyright</title>
<link href="9781430239390.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<p class="copyright"><b>Pro Arduino</b></p>
<p class="copyright">Copyright &#x00A9; 2013 by Rick Anderson and Dan Cervo</p>
<p class="copyright">This work is subject to copyright. All rights are reserved by the Publisher, whether the whole or part of the material is concerned, specifically the rights of translation, reprinting, reuse of illustrations, recitation, broadcasting, reproduction on microfilms or in any other physical way, and transmission or information storage and retrieval, electronic adaptation, computer software, or by similar or dissimilar methodology now known or hereafter developed. Exempted from this legal reservation are brief excerpts in connection with reviews or scholarly analysis or material supplied specifically for the purpose of being entered and executed on a computer system, for exclusive use by the purchaser of the work. Duplication of this publication or parts thereof is permitted only under the provisions of the Copyright Law of the Publisher&#x2019;s location, in its current version, and permission for use must always be obtained from Springer. Permissions for use may be obtained through RightsLink at the Copyright Clearance Center. Violations are liable to prosecution under the respective Copyright Law.</p>
<p class="copyright">ISBN-13 (pbk): 978-1-4302-3939-0</p>
<p class="copyright">ISBN-13 (electronic): 978-1-4302-3940-6</p>
<p class="copyright">Trademarked names, logos, and images may appear in this book. Rather than use a trademark symbol with every occurrence of a trademarked name, logo, or image we use the names, logos, and images only in an editorial fashion and to the benefit of the trademark owner, with no intention of infringement of the trademark.</p>
<p class="copyright">The use in this publication of trade names, trademarks, service marks, and similar terms, even if they are not identified as such, is not to be taken as an expression of opinion as to whether or not they are subject to proprietary rights.</p>
<p class="copyright">While the advice and information in this book are believed to be true and accurate at the date of publication, neither the authors nor the editors nor the publisher can accept any legal responsibility for any errors or omissions that may be made. The publisher makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the material contained herein.</p>
<p class="copyright1">President and Publisher: Paul Manning</p>
<p class="copyright1">Lead Editor: Michelle Lowman</p>
<p class="copyright1">Technical Reviewer: Cliff Wootton</p>
<p class="copyright1">Editorial Board: Steve Anglin, Mark Beckner, Ewan Buckingham, Gary Cornell, Louise Corrigan, Morgan Ertel, Jonathan Gennick, Jonathan Hassell, Robert Hutchinson, Michelle Lowman, James Markham, Matthew Moodie, Jeff Olson, Jeffrey Pepper, Douglas Pundick, Ben Renow-Clarke, Dominic Shakeshaft, Gwenan Spearing, Matt Wade, Tom Welsh</p>
<p class="copyright1">Coordinating Editor: Christine Ricketts</p>
<p class="copyright1">Copy Editor: Damon Larson</p>
<p class="copyright1">Compositor: SPi Global</p>
<p class="copyright1">Indexer: SPi Global</p>
<p class="copyright1">Artist: SPi Global</p>
<p class="copyright1">Cover Designer: Anna Ishchenko</p>
<p class="copyright">Distributed to the book trade worldwide by Springer Science+Business Media New York, 233 Spring Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10013. Phone 1-800-SPRINGER, fax (201) 348-4505, e-mail <span class="FontName1"><a href="http://orders-ny@springer-sbm.com">orders-ny@springer-sbm.com</a></span>, or visit <span class="FontName1"><a href="http://www.springeronline.com">www.springeronline.com</a></span>. Apress Media, LLC is a California LLC and the sole member (owner) is Springer Science + Business Media Finance Inc (SSBM Finance Inc). SSBM Finance Inc is a Delaware corporation.</p>
<p class="copyright">For information on translations, please e-mail <span class="FontName1"><a href="mailto:rights@apress.com">rights@apress.com</a></span>, or visit <span class="FontName1"><a href="http://www.apress.com">www.apress.com</a></span>.</p>
<p class="copyright">Apress and friends of ED books may be purchased in bulk for academic, corporate, or promotional use. eBook versions and licenses are also available for most titles. For more information, reference our Special Bulk Sales&#x2013;eBook Licensing web page at <span class="FontName1"><a href="http://www.apress.com/bulk-sales">www.apress.com/bulk-sales</a></span>.</p>
<p class="copyright">Any source code or other supplementary materials referenced by the author in this text is available to readers at <span class="FontName1"><a href="http://www.apress.com/9781430239390">www.apress.com/9781430239390</a></span>. For detailed information about how to locate your book&#x2019;s source code, go to <span class="FontName1"><a href="http://www.apress.com/source-code/">www.apress.com/source-code/</a></span>. Source code is also available via GitHub, at <span class="FontName1"><a href="http://github.com/ProArd">http://github.com/ProArd</a></span>.</p>
</body>
</html>