<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"[]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Acknowledgments</title>
<link href="9781430239390.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
<p class="ChapterTitle">Acknowledgments</p>
<p class="noindent">Deepest thanks go to Teri, Craig, Doug, Shane, and other family and friends who supported and helped with this project. Thanks to Cliff Sherrill for providing an excellent foundation in computer science. Miguel, Dr. Ayars, and everyone at Adafruit, SparkFun, and Arduino&#x2014;thanks for your contributions. Rick, Michelle, and the Apress staff&#x2014;thanks for the opportunity to work on this project.</p>
<p class="right">&#x2014;Dan Cervo</p>
<p class="noindent">First and foremost, thank you with love to my wife, Kristen Abbey. She allowed this book to be the center of our lives until it was done. Many thanks to coauthor Dan Cervo. A giant thank you to all those that helped make this possible, especially Ryan Ostrager. I had so much support from my friends, Mark Sproul, Anjanette Young, Anthony Lioi, and editors Michelle Lowman, Brigid Duffy, Christine Ricketts, and Laura Jo Hess. Thanks Rutgers University for creating such a supportive environment. Thank you David Finegold and Rich Novak, and finally the open source and open hardware communities, without which Arduino, and all of my projects, would not exist. Lastly, thanks to the chipKIT team, which has been responsive and has worked sincerely to achieve the best open source support and vision for multiplatform Arduino.</p>
<p class="right">&#x2014;Rick Anderson</p>
</body>
</html>
